(female narrator)
Previously on
Childrens Hospital
Okay, Tyler, here comes
Catheter Zeta Jones
to help you go
Sarah Jessica Pee-Pee.
- Oh!
- Uh-oh.
Looks like you gave him
a Woody Harrelson.
Do you have any idea
how much talent
it takes to run
a surgical team?
I have an M.D.
from Harvard.
I'm board certified
in cardiothoracic medicine
and trauma surgery.
I have commendations from seven
different medical boards
in New England and Brazil
and I am never ever sick at sea.
So, I ask you, when someone
goes into that chapel
and they get down on their knees
and they pray to God
that little Becky
doesn't die in surgery
who do you think
they're praying to?
You ask me if I
have a God complex?
Well, let me
tell you something.
I am God.
I just think your daughter
could participate more in class.
[Childrens Hospital theme music]
Where are you taking us?
- Blood pressure?
- Completely stable.
- Vitals?
- Strong.
This is not an emergency.
- We need more time.
- Damn it!
We're just here
for our appointment.
- It was at 10:30.
- Get them outta here.
[Valarie thinking]
Father.
Mother.
Daughter.
Aren't they just words?
Speaking of families.
How come on TV, family
arguments are resolved
by the end of the episode?
I don't know about you,
but in my house
folks be hating on each other
for years.
No, but I do watch a lot of TV
and I especially love
the commercials.
Like, what's the deal
with the beer ads?
Who are the wizards that
came up with these things?
Anyway, today at Childrens,
all the mothers
and fathers are bringing
their daughters to work.
Your daughter is
very cute, Lola.
Thank you. Okay, Willow,
time for your juice.
[unzips]
- Oh!
There you go. What?
Is there a problem?
I support
a woman's right to choose.
Alright, who have we here?
Hey, Chief. I want you to
meet my little Schmoitle.
- Hello, Schmoitle.
- Good Shabbos.
Here's your name tag,
right here.
- Okay, she's not taking it.
- Yeah, she can't pick that up.
That's considered work and
she can't work until sundown.
You know, Shabbos.
Well, I have brought...my little
baby daughter, Harmony here
to see what Mommy
does for her living.
Yeah, I actually own my
own real estate business so--
She's a little shy
so I brought her special friend
Montana to see her.
Mama. I threw that away
when I was, like, nine--
Hello, Harmony. Did you miss me?
Did you take that
out of garbage?
- I wanna kiss Harmony.
- I want to.
- Please.
- I want to kiss.
- I want to..
- Oh, my gosh.
This is gonna be such a great
day with all our babies.
(male #1)
'Hey everybody, Blake
brought his daughters'
'and they're gonna sing for us''
* Dreamland it's me
and you forever *
* I'll be your Cinderella *
* You're my itsumademo
It's a.. *
[whistle]
Wow! That...was terrible.
Where were the harmonies, huh?
Where's the passion?
I'm sorry, daddy.
It'll be better next time.
I hate the sound
of your voice.
Let's start again.
* Dreamland
it's me and you-- *
Stop! One more,
as if you loved me.
* Dreamland it's me *
You don't love me.
Got it. Thank you.
[intense music]
- 'Oh, yeah.'
- 'What have we got here?'
12 year old child,
both sets of genitals.
Parents don't know
what to choose.
The meat and potatoes
or the stinky fish salad.
Sport, let me
ask you a question.
When dad takes you
to the ballpark, do you like
a foot-long frank or a hot
steaming plate of vagina?
Mr. and Mrs. Leplante,
why now?
Ray's always wanted a son.
- Scalpel.
- I've always wanted a girl.
What mother wouldn't?
We thought we'd know
what to do by now.
Perhaps you've noticed a change
in his...her vocal pitch
or her...his pissing technique.
Has she...he been exhibiting
any stereotypically
female behaviors?
Like interrupting the
man when he's talking?
This is the biggest
decision of its life.
(Valarie)
'Exactly.'
Why don't we just ask shim
how her...him sees
hermself, herm?
[dramatic music]
Schmoitle, it's touch and go
with this one. Look at that.
(male #1)
'Oy!'
[health monitor beeping]
[coughing]
Well, it's a no.
'Cause we'd have to gut
the whole kitchen.
I cannot do it
for less than 50,000.
I can't. I can't do--
Honey, don't you wanna know
what Mommy does for a living?
Yeah, I am. It is actually
worse than last year.
Harmony, Harmony, Harmony.
Look at Mommy.
- What? What?
- Take that out of your mouth.
- What is this?
- Lollipop.
- What is this? Tell Mommy.
- It's a lollipop.
Child Molester!
Oh, my God!
* It's eleven fifty nine *
* We're running out of time *
* I'm about to lose my mind
Till we can be together again *
[intense music]
Child molester, where are you?
(Chief)
'He could be anyone.'
No. No.
'Looking good.'
'No.'
'Definitely, not.'
Oh, this is so frustrating.
Child molester.
It's you and me, baby!
(female announcer)
'Attention staff,
please stay away'
'from my personal belongings.'
Look...kid.
Do you wanna be a girl?
You wanna grow up
to be something stupid
like a hair stylist
or do you wanna be
the president
or a lumberman?
You get
to have a penis.
You can whip it out at parties,
hit people in the face with it.
Throw it on your wrist
like a cool watch.
Use it as a skateboard. You can
pick up loose change with it.
You can't do any of
that stuff with a vagina.
You can't give birth
with a dick.
Herm, here, couldn't
give birth if Herm tried
and even if Herm could,
we're talking stretch marks
skid marks, double butt,
waist boobs.
Do you want your mangina
to look like Kermit's mouth?
- Prostate cancer.
- Ovarian cancer.
Testicular cancer.
How dare you throw my balls
in my face?
[gagging]
- What?
- Period.
Period. Oh, my God.
You guys, get in here.
What, what? What?
Oh, God. That's disgusting.
Oh, she perioded.
- You're on your period.
- Ew. Disgusting.
- That is gross.
- Stop it.
I've listened to everything
you have to say...and I realized
it doesn't matter if you're
a male or a female...or both.
All that matters..
...is what's in your heart.
Are you crying?
No.
Hey. Hey.
Must find child molester.
When I find you,
you won't touch
any more children's bottoms
ever ag..
[Chief screaming]
There he is.
Child molester!
Oh-oh-oh.
Where you're going
you're gonna get
your lollipop licked plenty.
By a bunch of dudes.
I'm sorry.
I don't follow you at all.
- In prison.
- Mom, this is my boyfriend.
Oh, is that what he calls it?
Oh, you disgust me!
God, yes.
That's what we're calling it,
'cause I'm 27 years old.
He's not a child molester,
because I'm not a child.
Where did he touch you?
Show me.
- My God!
- Show me on Montana.
- Did he touch you here?
- Couple of times.
- There?
- Just the tip.
- He touch you there?
- Mom, everywhere. We had sex.
- Oh, God.
- I drive an unmarked white van.
'Cause I'm an undercover
lollipop salesman.
Look, here's my card.
What? You got a card?
"Lollipops for any occasion.
Discretion guaranteed. "
Oh, God. Okay.
Ah, I got it. My bad.
- Mom.
- Yeah.
You're too old for "Take Your
Daughter to Work day".
It's time to let me go.
It's just really hard
to accept that..
...your little girl
doesn't need you anymore.
That's crazy. I need you.
I need you, Mom.
'I love you.'
Ah!
Can I borrow her for a minute?
- Yes.
- Come on.
Grab onto my cripple sticks.
Let's go for a ride
just like we used to.
For old time's sake.
Here we go.
- Whoa. Go faster!
- Up, up and away.
Bye, bye, you guys.
Have fun, but be safe.
We don't want two cripples
in the family.
[sighs]
Where are the kids?
* I know breast milk is best *
* I get that
but this is ridiculous *
* Waiting for Shabbat to end
so that she can plug him in *
* Well now we can
certainly blame the Jews *
* For that one too *
* And I don't know
who this kid is *
* But she's really
looking round *
* Like something's going on *
* These parents are really
worried about their *
* Son daughter son whichever *
* Valarie and Owen make out
over the hermaphrodite surgery *
* And cover eyes that
are already closed *
* Here come those creepy kids *
Eh.
(male #1)
'Wake up, sport.'
- 'There you are.'
- 'Hey.'
Listen, we're sorry we tried
to label you earlier
put you in a box.
He wanted you to be a man.
And she wanted you
to be a woman.
But you said something
and we listened.
'You said, "It doesn't matter if
you're male or female or both"''
So we put aside our differences
and did what you wanted.
'We cut off your penis
and scooped out your ovaries.'
(Valarie)
'Congrats, kid.
You're neither.'
You were right.
It is just a matter
of the heart.
(Valarie)
'Oh, look. It's crying.'
- Tears of joy.
- A matter of the heart.
[heart monitor beeping]
["11:59" by Ajuku girls]
* Dreamland
it's me and you forever *
* I'll be your Cinderella
you're my itsuademo *
* It's eleven fifty nine *
* We're running out of time *
* I'm about to lose my mind *
* Till we can be
together again *
* Staring at my feet
sitting in a tree *
* Wishing you'd k-i-s-s me *
Sorry, Daddy.
It'll be better next time.
You're adopted.
(female announcer)
'Hospital Administrators
take note.'
'The Arsenio Hall Show
has been canceled.'